Doc background MV job persistency (#1470)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-set-background-ddl.md

SET BACKGROUND_DDL = { true | false };
```

- When `BACKGROUND_DDL` is set to true, any subsequent DDL operations will be executed in the background, allowing you to proceed with other tasks.

- When `BACKGROUND_DDL` is set to false (or not set at all), the DDL operations will execute  in the foreground.

## Supported DDL operations

- [CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW](/sql/commands/sql-create-mv.md)

> ## Persistence
> 
> For materialized views created in the background, their table definitions persist, even if errors occur during checkpointing. This allows the materialized view jobs to be recovered from where they left off before the failure. Their table definitions and fragments will only be dropped if the job is canceled.
> 
> For materialized views created in the foreground, their table and fragments will be cleaned up if checkpointing fails or when the streaming job restarts from the beginning.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Persistence

The key difference is during the `creating` phase of a materialized view. After a materialized view is created (i.e. backfilling has completed), both foreground and background materialized views are functionally the same.

For materialized views being created in the background, their table definitions persist while they are being created, even if errors occur during checkpointing. This allows the materialized view jobs to be recovered from where they left off before the failure. Their table definitions and fragments will only be dropped if the job is canceled.

For materialized views being created in the foreground, their table and fragments will be cleaned up if checkpointing fails, if the cluster is restarted, or if the stream job is cancelled.
```

Reviewer: Updated it, thanks for feedback.
